Markdown - Update plugin title and description (#479)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: markdown/help.md

# Version History

> * 3.0.0 - Update plugin title and description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 3.0.0 - Update Markdown to HTML and Markdown to PDF action titles and descriptions
```
